Assignment Submission
=====================

Welcome to the GT-IDEaS Summer Skills Workshop 2018! 

Since one of the major goals of this workshop is to introduce best practices in
social coding and software development, we will utilize the `git` version
control software, together with this GitHub repository, to organize and
streamline the submission of all out-of-class assignments.  This way, everyone
gets practice working in a collaborative environment, all while learning about
scientific computing, numerical linear algebra, databases, and machine
learning!

Throughout this workshop, we will utilize a combination of the
[forking](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/forking-workflow)
and [feature-branch](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) workflows,
where each member of the class will work exclusively from their own fork,
instead of directly from the central repository.  This is the standard workflow
for many open-source and collaborative software projects, and can be used
successfully by large teams of developers simultaneously working on the same
code from around the world.  

Each assignment will consist of two components, namely:
1. a short programming exercise based on the concepts discussed in that week's
lecture, and
2. a 1-2 paragraph "journal entry" reflecting on the programming exercise, as
well as any challenges faced and/or interesting solutions found while working
on the exercise.

Once completed, the relevant scripts/files associated with the programming
exercise should be submitted by [opening a pull
request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork/)
from your fork to the central GT-IDEaS/SkillsWorkshop2018 repository. When
creating this pull request, the following template will appear for the pull
request description:

```
## Description
Provide a brief description of the PR here.

## Weekly Journal
Provide your weekly journal entry here.

## Questions
- [ ] Question1
```

You should fill in this template by placing a short description of your
solution for the project in the `Description` section, and your journal entry
in the `Weekly Journal` section.  Additionally, if you are confused about
anything, you can pose questions in the `Questions` section.  Once the
assignment has been submitted by opening your PR, one or more of the TAs will
review your changes, answer any questions, and provide general feedback
regarding your assignment submission.  This feedback is intended only to help
you improve, and won't count against your completion of the assignment.

Good luck & happy coding!

